So, what's wrong with you? What is it
that we're going to find out when we see
you that's shameful? You don't need to
find an answer. Just keep going there
for a
[Music]
minute. In this coaching session that
happens in one of our public Q&As's, the
man shows up with deep social anxiety
and he ends up discovering the source of
that anxiety on an emotional level and
how to see through it. We haven't worked
together, have we? No. Good. Great. Oh,
[__]
I can go somewhere else. You want me to
go somewhere
else? Oh my
god. Oh, I'm so Oh
[__] I didn't expect Oh, [__] I did
not expect to get
called. Oh.
Um,
wow.
So, I have a lot of questions. I feel
like they're all kind of the same
question. Great. So, I'll just choose
one that feels particularly clear.
Great.
When I'm in a relationship, I get super
super anxious very quickly. Yeah. Just
like right now. Yeah.
Well, in yeah, in a way. And I don't
know why that happens or what to do
about
it. So, let's just talk about how it
happened right
now. So, what's happening right now is
you're being seen.
How is that working for you?
Uh,
I definitely I don't like being seen. I
like to hide
myself. I Yeah, I do this and all all
the time. Like all of my I'm either
putting on a mask or I'm just running
away from people. Yeah. Great. So that's
the reason. So what's the question?
It doesn't feel like an answer. I I
don't know. It
like I get anxious because I don't want
to be seen. What's the missing piece?
I guess there's also this aspect of
like shame or like beating myself up or
like grumbling at someone's feet in a
relationship.
Yeah. So that that right. So you don't
want to be seen because you think
there's something wrong with you.
Yeah. Yeah. Um,
so what's wrong with
you? What is it that I'm going to see
that I'm going to think is that's
bad? I don't know. Right. Isn't that
[__] weird?
Yeah.
So, you started you started going
down like I don't know how else to
describe this, but you started going
down and then you answered my question.
Don't just keep going down for a minute.
You mean like looking down or I don't
know what it was. It was like you
started sinking down into yourself when
you looked for what was wrong with you
and you said I don't know. Like so you
kind of like went into this I don't know
and then you answered but you didn't
keep exploring the I don't know.
So what's wrong with you? What is it
that we're going to find out when we see
you that's
shameful? You don't need to find an
answer. Just keep going there for a
minute. Yeah.
So that that was
grief. Is that the grief
of recognition that you've been thinking
there's something wrong with you and
there isn't? Or is that the grief of
recognition? I don't I don't know. I
don't have an answer. Okay, great.
I've Yeah. No, I I'm sitting on this all
the time and I I know that I am and I'm
ignoring it. I don't know where it is.
Yeah, that's that's that that's your
that's your that's your deepest answer
to your
question. You're anxious because you're
scared this is going to pop out, but
this is beautiful. Let's just find out.
Now, I understand there's going to be
some people who are going to be like,
"Dude, you're crying. Can you [__]
get your [__] together?" I get there's
people like that, but there's also
people who aren't like that. So, as an
example, everybody who has any
if you like, if you're listening, will
you please raise your hand if you have
no problem being with his tears? Just to
like if you raise your hand if you have
no problem being with his
tears. And you just scroll, dude. I
guarantee you there's like a hundred
hands up right
now.
Yeah. Sorry to do that. That was a lot
of digital hands came up
spoiled again by AI.
Um yeah.
Uh yeah, I think something you just
said kind I I answered it maybe. Yeah.
Yeah, I see it. Um
look, just let's just don't don't try to
explain it. Just let's just ask the
question which is like, hey, you having
any problem being seen right now?
No. Yeah.
And what I'm hiding is Oh, my emotions.
No, go. What you're hiding is what?
Yeah. I'm not I'm not letting my
emotions be same. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. You're so welcome. Pleasure.